[Music]
your appearance can reveal all the
darkest secrets about your health and
character and even your brainpower
that's right
experts are sure that your features can
tell more about your intelligence than
the most difficult IQ test so let's find
out how smart you really are your head
surprisingly the big head big brain
principle works perfectly fine in real
life as well but the main reason behind
it is way more complicated than you
think
people with bigger heads usually have
lower neuron density within their brain
which naturally makes it work quicker
and more efficiently so it's time to
stop hating on your big head and be
proud of it your face shape the only
time we think about our face shape is
when we need to get a new and daring
haircut but in reality it can say a lot
about your personality too gene Haner
the author of the book the wisdom in
your face is sure that other people with
a heart-shaped face have excellent
creative abilities rectangular square
and triangular face shapes are more
logical and success oriented people with
a diamond-shaped face are perfectionist
to the core oval faced folks are
welcoming and warm and round faced
people are all about taking care of
others after all emotional intelligence
counts to right your forehead a big head
is often accompanied by a broad forehead
another sign of exceptional intelligence
according to the popular Chinese face
reading a Fivefinger forehead signifies
high intelligence and skill these people
are quick learners who don't need any
explanations and always finish tasks
faster than everyone else some
specialists even believe that they have
somewhat of a sixth sense mysterious
your eyes as it turns out the eyes are
the windows not only to your soul but to
your IQ levels and according to
scientists blue eyes take the lead here
just think about it
tons of famous brainiacs Stephen Hawking
for example had beautiful deep blue eyes
so there must be some truth to this
however blue-eyed people are way more
sensitive to light than others you win
some you lose some
your nose back in the 19th century there
was a very fascinating pseudoscience
called naze ology it's specialists
basically tried to link certain
character traits to the shape of a
person's nose and some of their insights
turned out to be kinda right for example
a Roman or aquiline nose was considered
to be the sign of cleverness these
people are great at making important and
quick decisions those with straight
noses on the other hand are more into
Fine Arts and finally guys and girls
with wide nostrils were believed to have
deep cognitive skills and serious minds
your lips a couple of years ago
specialists from the Czech Republic
decided to conduct a massive study they
took pictures of 40 women and 40 men and
asked them to take an IQ test trying to
find solid connections between their
looks and brainpower
unfortunately the ladies results were
all over the place while the male
results had a couple of surprises in
store
apparently guys with thin smiling lips
are big intellectuals wait that's me
high five to all the guys on the thin
lips team your chin the same check study
says that bright men don't have square
chins like the heroes from the big
movies instead they're all about neat
and pointy ones a big chin is also a big
no according to researchers they link it
with average IQ and not so quick wit
your ears complete ear symmetry is not
that common and it's probably for the
better since studies say that a lack of
it may be a signal of a quick wet
back in 2012 British scientists found
that
who have one earlobe longer than the
other make better leaders
these unique people put others first and
use their brains to make the world
better the same thing goes for fingers
by the way so don't forget to check it
out
your hands there's only two type of
people in the world right-handed and
left-handed technically there are also a
couple of geniuses who can easily switch
between them whenever they want to but
let's just forget about them for a sec
so who is actually smarter
sorry right-handed people but this time
it's not you the thing is left-handed
guys and girls usually have a larger
corpus callosum which allows them to
process information really quickly
they're highly developed right brain
hemisphere helps as well so I guess you
win this round lefties your fingers
remember how I told you that finger
asymmetry is a signal of a bright mind
well it's actually connected to their
length a study that was published in the
British Journal of Psychology claimed
that boys with smaller index fingers are
generally better at math for girls it's
a little bit different though you have
to have smaller index and ring fingers
to be considered smarter your waist it's
no secret that an hourglass figure is
considered to be the most desirable
among women everywhere but did you know
that women who naturally have it are
smarter too American researchers
observed about 16,000 women and found
that the bigger the difference between a
woman's waist and hips the brighter she
is this is all thanks to a higher level
of omega-3 fatty acids which can improve
your mental abilities but hang on
there's more these same fatty acids can
somehow boost the mental power of the
child carried by a woman with an
hourglass figure during her pregnancy
Wow
your body truly is a wonderland ladies
your breasts sorry guys this one is for
the ladies it's no secret that society
subconsciously links beautiful large
breasts with lower intelligence but
science shows that we couldn't be more
a study from Chicago University that
included no less than 1200 women
discovered that ladies with bigger
chests are smarter by about 10 IQ points
one more reason to take stereotypes with
a grain of salt your body hair
dr. Akira Cooney alias who has been
working to find out the connection
between body hair and intelligence for
years came to one simple conclusion
thicker body hair means higher IQ
apparently hairy chests are
exceptionally common among doctors and
other men of highly educated professions
moreover hairier guys are way better
students who knew your height
if you feel insecure about your
impressive height here's something
that'll cheer you up a team of
researchers from the Edinburgh
University found a strong link between
the genes determining your height and
those responsible for your quick wet
some specialists believe that it's all
thanks to the fact that taller people
had way more opportunities for
leadership back in the day giving them
access to more information not bear your
weight now when it comes to weight you
won't hear any big revelations or
surprises the only thing experts are
concerned about is the less amount of
gray and white matter in certain areas
of overweight people's brains and this
means only one thing
a healthy mind lives in a healthy body
so take care of yourself respect your
body and you'll reach a balance in your
mind of course this is all just fun
science and if you don't have any of
these characteristics that doesn't mean
you're not smart after all you're the
only one responsible for your
intelligence right so read books ask
questions explore the world and you'll
always be the smartest person in the
room so what do you think what's the
easiest way to test a person's
intelligence let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like share
with a friend and here are some more
cool videos to check out from the bright
side of life
[Music]